# Marko's Summary
The main part that I did was a big portion of the sqlite code as well as a lot of the Util functions. Additionally, I put together a lot of the command parsing in main.cpp. That being said, the code that I wrote was hardly final because I had written it when we were still unsure of what functions we were writing and intending on using. Ultimately what it meant was that us as a team spent a lot of time rewriting and refactoring the code to make it work.

The process was quite unstructured, and whilst it did cause quite a lot of trouble, I personally believe that wasn't actually the casue of the issues that we had developing the project. After all, if we were unsure of what we were making we could always just make something, regroup, redefine and carry on. That's where the issue was: our communication was not up to par for the loose planning approach that we took. 

Who's fault? Mine. I had firstly been the one to discourage planning, because in my experience planning made things too rigid and ultimately get changed anyway. However I failed to understand the other members' perspective on planning and the value that they would've gotten out of having clarity on what was going on. After all, without planning, we needed to put in a lot more effort keeping up to date with changes in the project requirements, and given our communication as a team already wasn't great, we ended up all having different ideas of what the project was supposed to be. This wouldn't have been an issue if we had planned everything out beforehand.

In terms of learning, the main thing that I had to learn was sqlite3. I had never used sqlite so I spent a lot of time trying to figure that out and how to carry out the things I wanted to with it. Whilst I hate SQL I found sqlite quite refreshing because it's very portable, doesn't require a server and was much more intuitive to use with C++ than other SQL databases. However there was a still a lot to learn, and there is still much to understand that I didn't get to.

The future steps for the project would be to make the CLI a little nicer, we didn't get to making it as nice as we would've liked to but there are already functions that we implemented that can be used to make the CLI nice. So that would be the next step.

Ultimately whilst there were communication issues it didn't end up being fatal; we got all our parts done, integrated it as much as we could, then found the remaining holes and implemented those. But that came at the cost of a lot of wasted time and effort, because we kept having to delete unnecessary code and add new code as we went along.